1.A company is using Kinesis data streams to store the log data,
 which is processed by an application every 12 hours.
 As the data needs to reside in Kinesis data streams for 12 hours,
 the Security team wants the data to be encrypted at rest.
 How can it be secured in a most efficient way?



A.  Kinesis does not support encryption
B.  Encrypt using SSL/TLS for encrypting the data.
C.  Encrypt using S3 Server Side Encryption.
D.  Encrypt using Kinesis Server Side Encryption.


2.You need to perform ad-hoc SQL queries on massive amounts of well-structured data.
 Additional data comes in constantly at a high velocity, and you don't want to have
 to manage the infrastructure processing it if possible. Which solution should you use?



Your answer
A.  Kinesis Firehose and RDS
B.  EMR running Apache Spark
C.  Kinesis Firehose and Redshift
D.  EMR using Hive


3.The department of transportation for a major metropolitan area has placed sensors on roads
at key locations around the city. The goal is to analyze the flow of traffic and
notifications from emergency services to identify potential issues and to help
planners correct trouble spots. A data engineer needs a scalable and
fault-tolerant solution that allows planners to respond to issues within 30 seconds
of their occurrence. Which solution should the data engineer choose?


Your answer
A.  Collect the sensor data with Amazon Kinesis Firehose and store it in Amazon Redshift
for analysis. Collect emergency services events with Amazon SQS and store in
Amazon DynamoDB for analysis.
B.  Collect the sensor data with Amazon SQS and store in Amazon DynamoDB for analysis.
 Collect emergency services events with Amazon Kinesis Firehose and store in
  Amazon Redshift for analysis.
C.  Collect both sensor data and emergency services events with Amazon Kinesis Streams
 and use DynamoDB for analysis.
D.  Collect both sensor data and emergency services events with Amazon Kinesis Firehose
 and use Amazon Redshift for analysis.


4.A company needs to implement a near-real-time fraud prevention
 feature for its ecommerce site. User and order details need to be
  delivered to an Amazon SageMaker endpoint to flag suspected fraud.
  The amount of input data needed for the inference could be as much as 1.5 MB.
   Which solution meets the requirements with the LOWEST overall latency?

A.  Create an Amazon Managed Streaming for Kafka cluster and ingest the data
   for each order into a topic. Use a Kafka consumer running on Amazon EC2
   instances to read these messages and invoke the Amazon SageMaker endpoint.
B.  Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Streams stream and ingest the data for
   each order into the stream. Create an AWS Lambda function to read these messages
   and invoke the Amazon SageMaker endpoint.
C.  Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream and ingest the data
   for each order into the stream. Configure Kinesis Data Firehose to deliver the data
   to an Amazon S3 bucket. Trigger an AWS Lambda function with an S3 event notification
    to read the data and invoke the Amazon SageMaker endpoint.
D.  Create an Amazon SNS topic and publish the data for each order to the topic.
   Subscribe the Amazon SageMaker endpoint to the SNS topic.


5.A machine learning scientist needs to perform real-time analysis of streaming data
from IoT devices out in the field. These devices monitor oil well rigs for
 malfunction. Due to the safety and security nature of these IoT events,
 the safety engineers must analyze the events real-time. You also have an
  audit requirement to retain your IoT device events for 7 days and cannot fail
  to process any of the events. Which approach would give the best solution for
  processing your streaming data?


A.  Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams and its Kinesis Producer Library to pass
your events from your consumers to your Kinesis stream.

B.  Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams and its Kinesis API PutRecords call to
pass your events from your consumers to your Kinesis stream.

C.  Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams and its Kinesis Client Library to
 pass your events from your consumers to your Kinesis stream.

D.  Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose pass your events directly to your S3 bucket
 where you store your machine learning data.


Optional.A company launched a service that produces millions of messages every day
 and uses Amazon Kinesis Data Streams as the streaming service.
 The company uses the Kinesis SDK to write data to Kinesis Data Streams.
 A few months after launch, a data analyst found that write performance
 is significantly reduced.

 The data analyst investigated the metrics and
 determined that Kinesis is throttling the write requests.
 The data analyst wants to address this issue without significant
  changes to the architecture. Which actions should the data analyst take
  to resolve this issue? (Choose two.)



Your answer
A.  Increase the Kinesis Data Streams retention period to reduce throttling.
B.  Replace the Kinesis API-based data ingestion mechanism with Kinesis Agent.
C.  Increase the number of shards in the stream using the UpdateShardCount API.
D.  Choose partition keys in a way that results in a uniform record distribution
across shards.
E.  Customize the application code to include retry logic to improve performance.


6.A Publisher website captures user activity and sends clickstream data to Amazon Kinesis
Data Streams. The Publisher wants to design a cost-effective solution to process the data
 to create a timeline of user activity within a session. The solution must be able to scale
  depending on the number of active sessions.Which solution meets these requirements?



A.  Include a variable in the clickstream data from the Publisher website to maintain
a counter for the number of active user sessions. Use a timestamp for the partition key
for the stream. Configure the consumer application to read the data from the stream and
change the number of processor threads based upon the counter. Deploy the consumer
application on Amazon EC2 instances in an EC2 Auto Scaling group.

B.  Include a variable in the clickstream to maintain a counter for each user
action during their session. Use the action type as the partition key for the stream.
 Use the Kinesis Client Library (KCL) in the consumer application to retrieve the data
  from the stream and perform the processing. Configure the consumer application to read
  the data from the stream and change the number of processor threads based upon the counter.
   Deploy the consumer application on AWS Lambda.

C.  Include a session identifier in the clickstream data from the Publisher website
and use as the partition key for the stream. Use the Kinesis Client Library (KCL) in
the consumer application to retrieve the data from the stream and perform the processing.
 Deploy the consumer application on Amazon EC2 instances in an EC2 Auto Scaling group. Use
  an AWS Lambda function to reshard the stream based upon Amazon CloudWatch alarms.

D.  Include a variable in the clickstream data from the Publisher website to maintain
a counter for the number of active user sessions. Use a timestamp for the partition key
 for the stream. Configure the consumer application to read the data from the stream and
  change the number of processor threads based upon the counter. Deploy the consumer
   application on AWS Lambda.


7.A company developed a new elections reporting website that uses Amazon Kinesis Data
 Firehose to deliver full logs from AWS WAF to an Amazon S3 bucket. The company
 is now seeking a low-cost option to perform this infrequent data analysis with
 visualizations of logs in a way that requires minimal development effort.Which solution
  meets these requirements?


Your answer
A.  Use an AWS Glue crawler to create and update a table in the Glue data
catalog from the logs. Use Athena to perform ad-hoc analyses and use Amazon
QuickSight to develop data visualizations.
B.  Create a second Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to deliver the
 log files to Amazon Elasticsearch Service (Amazon ES). Use Amazon ES to perform
 text-based searches of the logs for ad-hoc analyses and use Kibana for data
 visualizations.
C.  Create an AWS Lambda function to convert the logs into .csv format. Then
 add the function to the Kinesis Data Firehose transformation configuration.
 Use Amazon Redshift to perform ad-hoc analyses of the logs using SQL queries
  and use Amazon QuickSight to develop data visualizations.
D.  Create an Amazon EMR cluster and use Amazon S3 as the data source. Create an
Apache Spark job to perform ad-hoc analyses and use Amazon QuickSight to develop
 data visualizations.


8.A company operates an international business served from a single AWS region.
The company wants to expand into a new country. The regulator for that country
 requires the Data Architect to maintain a log of financial transactions in the country
  within 24 hours of the product transaction. The production application is
  latency insensitive. The new country contains another AWS region. What is the most
  cost-effective way to meet this requirement?

A.  Use CloudFormation to replicate the production application to the new region.
B.  Use Amazon CloudFront to serve application content locally in the country; Amazon
 CloudFront logs will satisfy the requirement.
C.  Continue to serve customers from the existing region while using Amazon Kinesis
to stream transaction data to the regulator.
D.  Use Amazon S3 cross-region replication to copy and persist production transaction
logs to a bucket in the new country’s region.


9.A media advertising company handles a large number of real-time messages sourced
 from over 200 websites in real time. Processing latency must be kept low.
 Based on calculations, a 60-shard Amazon Kinesis stream is more than sufficient
 to handle the maximum data throughput, even with traffic spikes.
 The company also uses an Amazon Kinesis Client Library (KCL) application
 running on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) managed by an Auto Scaling group.
 Amazon CloudWatch indicates an average of 25% CPU and a modest level of network
 traffic across all running servers. The company reports a 150% to 200% increase in
 latency of processing messages from Amazon Kinesis during peak times. There are NO
 reports of delay from the sites publishing to Amazon Kinesis. What is the appropriate
 solution to address the latency?


Your answer
A.  Increase the number of shards in the Amazon Kinesis stream to 80
for greater concurrency.
B.  Increase the size of the Amazon EC2 instances to increase network throughput.
C.  Increase the minimum number of instances in the Auto Scaling group.
D.  Increase Amazon DynamoDB throughput on the checkpoint table.   
